Fix grammatical and syntax errors; (#76)
se-edu/guides: tutorials/javaFxPart5.md

## Borders

> `Label`s, `TextBoxe`s, `Button`s, more or less all the nodes used so far are subclasses of [Region](https://docs.oracle.com/javafx/2/api/javafx/scene/doc-files/cssref.html#region), and hence share the following CSS properties for borders:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Label`s, `TextBox`es, `Button`s, more or less all the nodes used so far are subclasses of [Region](https://docs.oracle.com/javafx/2/api/javafx/scene/doc-files/cssref.html#region), and hence share the following CSS properties for borders:
```
